README.md, before:


# About 
Toffeeblr!!

Built with Ruby on Rails & MySQL

## TODO
- [x] Users and authentication with JWT
- [x] Model and controller tests
- [x] Use proper error codes
- [x] Posts resource
- [ ] Following/follower relationship
- [ ] Update token when username is updated
- [ ] Add user bio and avatar
- [ ] Pagination
- [ ] [Route to username instead of ID for users](https://stackoverflow.com/a/7735324)


## Resources & REST API table
| URL/ENDPOINT     | VERB   | DESCRIPTION                         |
|------------------|--------|-------------------------------------|
| /auth/login      | POST   | Logs in user and returns token      |
| /feed/           | GET    | Displays feed                       |
| /users/          | GET    | Displays all users                  |
| /users/          | POST   | Creates user { username, password } |
| /users/{user_id} | GET    | Returns info                        |
| /users/{user_id} | PUT    | Updates user info { content }       |
| /users/{user_id} | DELETE | Destroys user                       |

| /posts/          | POST   | Creates post { title, content }      |
| /posts/{post_id} | PUT    | Updates post info { title, content } |
| /posts/{post_id} | DELETE | Destroys post                        |


## Error Codes In Use
- 200 success
- 201 created
- 401 auth error
- 409 conflict
- 422 unprocessible entity

--- 

## Models

### Users
- username :string
- passwordDigest :string
- bio :text
- avatar :image

- :has_many relationships
- :has_many posts
- :has_many liked_posts

### Relationships
- follower_id :integer
- followed_id :integer
- created_at :datetime
- updated_at :datetime

### Posts (belongs to user)
- title :string
- content :text
- user :references

Commit message:

Better JWT error handling and explore route

README.md, after:

p808
# About 
Toffeeblr!!

Built with Ruby on Rails & MySQL

## TODO
- [x] Users and authentication with JWT
- [x] Model and controller tests
- [x] Use proper error codes
- [x] Posts resource
- [ ] Save username in posts? or at least return usernames in the api
- [ ] Image posts
- [ ] Following/follower relationship
- [ ] Add user bio and avatar
- [ ] Pagination
- [ ] [Route to username instead of ID for users](https://stackoverflow.com/a/7735324)


## Resources & REST API table
| URL/ENDPOINT     | VERB   | DESCRIPTION                         |
|------------------|--------|-------------------------------------|
| /auth/login      | POST   | Logs in user and returns token      |
| /feed/           | GET    | Displays feed                       |
| /explore/        | GET    | Displays all posts                  |

| /users/          | GET    | Displays all users                  |
| /users/          | POST   | Creates user { username, password } |
| /users/{user_id} | GET    | Returns info                        |
| /users/{user_id} | PUT    | Updates user info { content }       |
| /users/{user_id} | DELETE | Destroys user                       |

| /posts/          | POST   | Creates post { title, content }      |
| /posts/{post_id} | PUT    | Updates post info { title, content } |
| /posts/{post_id} | DELETE | Destroys post                        |


## Error Codes In Use
- 200 success
- 201 created
- 401 auth error
- 409 conflict
- 422 unprocessible entity

--- 

## Models

### Users
- username :string
- passwordDigest :string
- bio :text
- avatar :image

- :has_many relationships
- :has_many posts
- :has_many liked_posts

### Relationships
- follower_id :integer
- followed_id :integer
- created_at :datetime
- updated_at :datetime

### Posts (belongs to user)
- title :string
- content :text
- user :references
